docs: add a description for the meaning of the samples folder (#2880)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: samples/README.md

> # Samples

Reviewer: We could leave the title or, as the document is task-based, rename it to "Using Telemetry Module Samples" or something like that. No sure though.

## Overview

> The files in this folder can be applied to a Kubernetes cluster having the telemetry module installed in order to see the module with most of the features in action. The samples are self-contained and bring own backends and data producers and can be installed all at once by applying the whole folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisite

You have the Telemetry module in your cluster. See [Adding and Deleting a Kyma Module](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform-internal/enable-and-disable-kyma-module?locale=en-US&state=DRAFT&version=Internal#loio1b548e9ad4744b978b8b595288b0cb5c).

## Context

The samples are self-contained and include their own backends and data producers. You can apply a single sample or install all at once by applying the entire folder.
```
It looks like the Telemetry module is a prerequisite. It means that you can apply a single sample or all at once?

## Procedure

1. Apply the samples

```bash
kubectl apply -f .
```

1. Assure that the is running healthy by checking the status of the Telemetry resource and the conditions of the pipeline resources

```bash
kubectl get kyma-telemetry
```

1. Delete the samples

```bash
kubectl delete -f .

> ```

Reviewer: Please indent the code block.

# Samples

## Prerequisite

> You have the Telemetry module in your cluster. See [installation guide](./../docs/contributor/installation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the Telemetry module in your cluster. See [Installation](./../docs/contributor/installation.md).
```

## Context

The samples are self-contained and include their own backends and data producers. You can apply a single sample or install all at once by applying the entire folder.

## Procedure

1. Apply all samples.

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f .
   ```

> 1. Assure that the module is running healthily by checking the status of the Telemetry resource and the conditions of the pipeline resources.

Author: Look at the preview, it uses auto-numbering

> 1. Assure that the module running healthy by checking the status of the Telemetry resource and the conditions of the pipeline resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Assure that the module is running healthily by checking the status of the Telemetry resource and the conditions of the pipeline resources.
```
